# Polyglot_Files
How to create a polyglot file that can run javascript inside a jpeg file

The first thing I did was to read the documentation given by the professor. The reading on devcondetect.com was useful in obtaining a high level overview on what a polyglot file. It also explained how someone could execute javascript code inside an image file like a jpeg, png, or bmp. I also found the reading on hackaday.com to be useful in understanding stegosploits and steganography. 

The first thing I did was choose a jpg image I wanted to manipulate and choose a hex editor which would allow me to change the hex code in the image file. For the purposes of this project the hex editor I chose was Hex Fiend since it is a popular and reliable tool. The first 4 bytes of the file were FFD8FFE0 and this I left untouched since these bytes identifed to the browser that this was a jpeg file. I then commented out all the code from JFIF to FFDB. FFDB represents the start of a quantization table which specifies how a jpeg is compressed. Immediately after the '*/' symbol I wrote '=window.open("https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4Zwpl7VbhA");'. This simple javascript command will open another window to the link specified. The final step in configuring the jpeg file was commenting out the rest of the code. 

So now that I finished the jpeg file, I wrote a simple html file called test.html. I opened the html file in my browser and immedately another window opened up and the trailer for the new Joker movie started to play. This is what a polyglot file does. It allows an image file to hide javascript code that is executable. 
